Capture agent-created files as Octopus artifacts via a manifest (#2042)
OctopusDeploy/Calamari: source/Calamari.AiAgent/ClaudeCodeBehaviour/DefaultContext/Skills/octopus-artifacts.md

---
name: octopus-artifacts

> description: Use ONLY when the user explicitly asks to attach, upload, or save output or files as an Octopus artifact. Do not infer artifacts from a request that merely creates files. It is important that this skill be used however if the customer expects the file or directory to be attached to the deployment. 

Reviewer: Nit: you may find that this skill's internal contradiction ("use ONLY when..." vs. "This skill should be used if the customer expects...") I re-wrote it slightly into something more explicit, including keywords to trigger more consistent activation:

```suggestion
description: Use when the user wants a file, directory, or command output attached, uploaded, published, or saved to an Octopus deployment or released as an artifact, or anything they expect to appear in the Octopus portal or be downloadable from the deployment afterward. Keywords: "Octopus artifact", "attach/upload to the deployment", "publish to the release", "make this available/downloadable in Octopus". Do NOT use when the request is only to create, generate, or write files locally. Producing a file is not attaching an artifact unless the user expects it to surface in Octopus.
```

Author: Adjusted a little to avoid false positives, but 👍
